Top Skills
Risk Systems
Quantitative Analysis (Finance) 
FastAPI
Languages
Spanish (Native or Bilingual) French 
(Elementary)
English (Full Professional)
Danish (Elementary)
Certifications
Beacon Certified Core Developer 
Beacon Certified Financial Engineer 
Financial Risk Manager (FRM)
Lead Quantitative Developer
Summary
I completed my MsC in Quantitative Finance at "AFI Escuela de 
Finanzas", one of the most prestigious finance schools in Spain, in 
2010
I have worked in "Corporate & Investment Banking" group in BBVA 
Trading Floor, as Senior Quant Developer, creating pricing libraries 
for complex financial derivatives, mainly using Murex FLEX API. 
During this period, I also complemented my financial background in 
the area of risk management, becoming a Financial Risk Manager 
(FRM) charterholder on January 2013
In November, 2013 I moved to Denmark to start a new project as
a Senior Quant Developer in Nordea Trading Floor, coding pricing 
libraries in Infinity, an in-house corporate valuation engine focused 
on Interest Rates and Credit derivatives
After a great international experience in northern Europe, I accepted 
the challenge to start working again for BBVA from March, 2015. In 
my second journey in BBVA, I have faced challenges in the area of 
systems transformation, with two massive migration projects: Murex 
upgrade from v2.11 to v3.1 and the migration of the Security Finance 
portfolio from an old fashioned in-house system to Calypso v14
In May, 2022, I decided to accept a position as Lead Quant 
Developer in KWA Analytics. KWA is a consulting company that 
offers professional services for both commodities and capital markets 
clients. My focus at the moment is projects related with the 
implementation and evolution of Beacon Platform based systems. 
Beacon is a cloud based solution that allows to build front office 
applications in a flexible, secure, and scalable way
Specialties: Quantitative Finance, Software Development
Excellent Mathematic & Analytic Skills
Team Player
Page 1 of 4
Experience
KWA Analytics
Lead Quantitative Developer
May 2022 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Madrid, Community of Madrid, Spain
Software Development in Python for Beacon Platform based systems. Certified 
in both Core and FOS modules
Participation in the development of a Beacon library aimed to calculate the 
available Borrowing Base (and many other credit risk related metrics) for the 
Asset Based Lending business line of a US Alternative Asset Management 
firm. The project involved the creation of the calculation library, associated ETL 
processes and reconciliation with the existing calculation engine.
GLOBOS ARCOIRIS SL
Commercial Pilot
September 2001 - Present (23 years)
La Rioja, Spain
Hot Air Balloon commercial pilot (group C) flying balloons up to Ultramagic 
N-300. 1000+ flight hours.
BBVA
Senior Quantitative Developer
March 2015 - May 2022 (7 years 3 months)
Madrid Area, Spain
Quants and Business Solutions group in BBVA Global Markets.
Page 2 of 4
Development of pricing libraries for Interest Rates Vanilla and Exotic Products
used by Global Markets Front Office teams (Trading, Sales, Structuring...).
These C++ libraries are connected to Murex through FLEX API
Heavily involved in the migration from Murex v2.11.46 to Murex 3.1, adapting
the libraries to be used by the new system, and introducing improvements
(code refactoring, code adaptation to cope with new Murex features,
conciliation process between systems...).
Product Owner for valuation streamline in the migration of Security Finance
portfolio from an in-house system to Calypso v14. We were responsible for the
assessment of the new system pricing features, and certify that interest rate
curves and P&L figures were aligned with the requirements from the different
stakeholders (trading, middle office, accounting...)
Nordea Markets
Senior Interest Rates Developer
November 2013 - March 2015 (1 year 5 months)
Development of C++ pricing libraries for Infinity, an in-house corporate
valuation engine focused on derivatives (Interest Rates, Credit, Equity &
Inflation)
Close work with the different stakeholders in order to improve the functionality
of the system and create a resilient system
· Front Office: Development of a new methodology to incorporate "Cheapest to
Deliver" effect into Interest Rates Curves generation
· Middle Office: Close interaction with Risk departments in order to ensure daily
risk reports generation
The group was in the middle of a mindset change in order to become an
agile organization. This encouraged us even more to adopt agile software
development techniques, such as scrum or kanban
BBVA
Quantitative Developer
July 2010 - October 2013 (3 years 4 months)
Madrid Area, Spain
Page 3 of 4
Development and Support of pricing libraries for Interest Rates Vanilla and
Exotic Products used by Global Markets Front Office teams (Trading, Sales,
Structuring...). These C++ libraries are connected to Murex through FLEX API
Focus on short rate models: LGM, Hull-White. Also maintenance and
improvements on Stochastic Volatility models (SABR) and Copula models. 
We had a big challenge adapting all libraries to be able to cope with negative
interest rates, as up to those days most of the models assumed a lognormal
evolution, but some currencies started to have negative quotes
BBVA Asset Management en España
Financial Analyst
September 2009 - June 2010 (10 months)
Day-to-day maintainance of valuation models (mainly C# developments) of
OTC products included in firm's Equity funds.
Deloitte Consulting
Strategy & Operations Senior Consultant
January 2008 - June 2009 (1 year 6 months)
Involvement on several projects aimed to deploy IT tools to improve business
processes, mainly in Public Sector institutions.
Education
Afi Escuela de Finanzas
Master of Science - MS, Quantitative Finance · (2009 - 2010)
University of the Basque Country
Master of Science - MS, Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (2001 - 2007)
Page 4 of 4