Vidushi Wahal Email : vidushi22@gmail.com
Mobile : +91-9811405837
Professional Summary
• Experience: : 6+ years of diverse experience in Information Technology with emphasis on Software Quality
Assurance (Automation and Manual Testing) for various domains like insurance, e-commerce, ERP
• Responsibilities: : Involved in all phases of the SDLC and STLC, including requirements gathering, risk analysis,
test planning, test estimation, scheduling, test execution, defect tracking, and reporting. End to end test delivery
experience starting from initiation through to ﬁnal test delivery using Agile methodology.
• T esting: Experience in testing methodologies like functional, non-functional, integration, regression, system, user
acceptance testing (UAT), and risk based testing
• Automation Exposure: : Specialization in designing Automation Frameworks for Functional testing and
Regression testing activities in Codedui C# and Selenium (C#/Java), along with SOAPUI for API testing.
• T esting T ools:: Experience in testing and analyzing tools like Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Test Manager,
Emulators, Simulators for mobile testing
Experience
• G4S T echnologies Gurgaon, Haryana
Senior QA Engineer Oct 2016 - Present
◦ Project: : Javelin - G4S End To End ERP Business Application
◦ T eam Management: : Working to form testing strategies and approach, there by, ensuring end to end application
testing along with daily regression and reporting to the key stakeholders for weekly production releases.
◦ Requirement Gathering : Working closely with BA and PFOs to understand the requirement which further leads
to creation of Test Scenarios and Test Cases
◦ Automation: : Using SOAP UI and Selenium with Java and MongoDB for web applications
◦ Awards: Received Silver Award (2018) and a Bronze award (2018) for ensuring quality product delivery and for
contribution in all version deliverable. Received multiple awards for day-night support for release of another
country (2019)
• On Demand Agility Software Solutions Gurgaon, Haryana
Senior Software Engineer Jun 2014 - Oct 2016
◦ Project: : www.horizonhobby.com, www.forcerc.com - E-commerce
◦ Automation F ramework: Designing of Automation framework by evaluating diﬀerent approaches for the
e-commerce project which also includes reporting.
◦ Lead Roles : Managing a team of 3 ensuring all development tasks meet quality criteria through test planning, test
execution, quality assurance and issue tracking.
◦ T est Cases: Creating automated test cases using CodedUI and C# for HorizonHobby.com and Selenium with C#
for ForceRC.com
◦ Mobile T esting: Testing of the e-commerce website on mobile using BrowserStack as emulator.
◦ Security T esting: Using cross-site scripting in order to test
◦ T rainings: Providing training on frameworks , codedui and c sharp language for automation of test cases to new
QA members and freshers
• Infogain India Pvt. Ltd. Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Software Engineer Jan 2013 and Jun 2014
◦ Project: : Decision Point (a Mitchell Product) - Insurance
◦ T est Cases: : Creating scenario based automated test cases using Coded UI with C Sharp.
◦ Automation: : Automating the existing manual test assets and providing better approach for automation
framework. Actively involved in automation code review on daily basis. Involved in Test Impact Analysis on weekly
basis.
◦ Automation Reports: : Conducting Regression Testing, failure analysis and reporting via MTM.
◦ White Box T esting: : Writing Unit Test cases using Telerik JustMock framework; writing Integration test cases.
Code Coverage Analysis and Code Metrix Analysis
Programming Skills
• Languages: C#, Java, Javascript, SQL, Groovy
• T esting T ools: CodedUI, MTM(Microsoft Test Manager), TFS, Visual Studio, Selenium, SOAPUI, Google
Cloud Console, JIRA, TestNG, QTest, MongoDB
• Mocking F ramework: Telerik Mock
Education
• Apeejay College Of Engineering Gurgaon, Haryana
Bachelor of Technology in IT; Percentage: 67 Aug. 2008 – Dec. 2012
• Holy Child Auxilium Vasant Vihar, Delhi
AISSCE (10+2) ; Percentage: 73 Apr. 2007 – May. 2008
• Holy Child Auxilium Vasant Vihar, Delhi
AISSE (10); Percentage: 87 Apr. 2005 – May. 2006